To add a user, create a new row in the "accounts" table in the database.
The fields are:

name		This is the username, used when logging in. See IMPORTANT
		notes below.
email		This is an email address. It can be null, or whatever. It
		is not used by the server or DB.
hash		This is the password hash. See notes below on what to use.
id		This is a UUID in classic format
		('xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx'). You can just let
		the DB create one for you.
class		Use "default" unless you have set up something different.
		See below.
visitor		This controls whether the player is treated as a visitor.
		There's little point to doing anything but 'f'.
banned		Banned users cannot log in. This is false by default.


IMPORTANT notes on usernames:
- The username should be all lower case in this table. Downcase any user-
  provided input, if you use a CGI script or something to add users.
- There are two styles of password hash. Which is used is based on the format
  of the username.
- Usernames of the format "x@x.x" where x is one or more characters, called
  here "email-address usernames", use an algorithm with SHA on the password
  concatenated with the username. The strings are widestrings, and the last
  character of both the password and username is replaced with nul. The
  "compute_auth_hash" program will generate the correct hash for you.
- Usernames not of the format "x@x.x" instead simply use a SHA-1 hash of the
  password. (Not as a wide string.)
- The email-address usernames authentication is more secure from network
  attacks. If you disable encryption, this scheme definitely should be used.
  If you don't disable encryption, it is not as critical. Some people may
  feel it is safer not to have an email address as a username.
- IMPORTANT: if you don't build MOSS with OpenSSL support, you must not use
  email-address usernames.
- WhoM does not work correctly with non-email-address usernames.

On the "class":
- See the "Auth Server Data" section in doc/setup for more details.
- This field determines which python is sent to the client. If you want to
  give a set of users different python then you can change their class to
  something other than "default".
- If this field is left unset, "default" is used, but it would be better to
  set the value.
